fix(gateway): Add Konnect Config Store parameters to Vault entity (#6016)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_gateway_entities/vault.md

{% endtable %}
<!--vale on-->
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab "{{site.konnect_short_name}}" %}

> The {{site.konnect_short_name}} Config Store vault lets you store and reference secrets directly in {{site.konnect_short_name}}, without connecting to a third-party vault backend. Secrets are managed using the [Control Planes Configuration API](/api/konnect/control-planes-config/) or the {{site.konnect_short_name}} UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{site.konnect_short_name}} Config Store vault lets you store and reference secrets directly in {{site.konnect_short_name}}, without connecting to a third-party vault backend. You can manage secrets using the [Control Planes Configuration API](/api/konnect/control-planes-config/) or the {{site.konnect_short_name}} UI.
```

> Because {{site.konnect_short_name}} resolves these secrets after {{site.base_gateway}} connects to the control plane, the {{site.konnect_short_name}} Config Store vault can only be configured using a Vault entity. It doesn't support `kong.conf` parameters or environment variables, and it can't be used to resolve secrets referenced in `kong.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because {{site.konnect_short_name}} resolves these secrets after {{site.base_gateway}} connects to the control plane, you can only configure the {{site.konnect_short_name}} Config Store vault using a Vault entity. It doesn't support `kong.conf` parameters or environment variables, and it can't be used to resolve secrets referenced in `kong.conf`.
```
